Quickstart updates (#74)
auth0/docs-v2: auth4genai/snippets/get-started/langchain-fastapi-py/user-authentication.mdx

  logoutUrl="http://localhost:5173"
/>

### Clone sample app
Clone this sample app from the [Auth0 AI samples](https://github.com/auth0-samples/auth0-ai-samples) repository:

```bash wrap lines
git clone https://github.com/auth0-samples/auth0-ai-samples.git
cd auth0-ai-samples/authenticate-users/langchain-fastapi-py
```

The project is divided into these two folders:

- `backend`: contains the backend code for the web application, an API written in Python using FastAPI and the LangGraph agent.
- `frontend`: contains the frontend code for the web application written in React as a Vite Single Page App (SPA).

### Install backend packages

> In the `backend` directory of your project, install the required packages using your preferred package manager, such as `uv`. You can follow the instructions here to [install uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `backend` directory of your project, install the required packages using your preferred package manager, such as `uv`. You can follow the instructions to [install uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) in its documentation.
```
